FORMAT: 1A

# Data Structures API
Following [Advanced Attributes](09.%20Advanced%20Attributes.md), this example demonstrates defining arbitrary data structure to be reused by various attributes description. 

Since a portion of `Coupon` data structure is shared between the `Coupon` definition itself and the `Create a Coupon` action, it was separated into a `Coupon Base` data structure in the `Data Strucutes` API Blueprint Section. Doing so enables us to reuse it as a base-type of other attribute definitions.

## API Blueprint
+ [Previous: Advanced Attributes](09.%20Advanced%20Attributes.md)
+ [This: Raw API Blueprint](https://raw.github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/master/examples/10.%20Data%20Structures.md)
+ [Next: Resource Model](11.%20Resource%20Model.md)

# Group Coupons

## Coupon [/coupons/{id}]
A coupon contains information about a percent-off or amount-off discount you might want to apply to a customer.

+ parameters
    + id (string) 

        The ID of the desired coupon.

+ attributes (Coupon Base)
    + id: 250FF (string)
    + object: coupon (string, fixed)

### Retrieve a Coupon [GET]
Retrieves the coupon with the given ID.

+ response 200 (application/json)

    + attributes (Coupon)

## Coupons [/coupons{?limit}]

+ attributes (object)
    + total_count (number)
    + coupons (array[Coupon])

### List all Coupons [GET]
Returns a list of your coupons.

+ parameters
    + limit: 10 (optional)

        A limit on the number of objects to be returned. Limit can range between 1 and 100 items.

+ response 200 (application/json)

    + attributes (Coupons)

### Create a Coupon [POST]
Creates a new Coupon.

+ attributes (Coupon Base)

+ request (application/json)

+ response 200 (application/json)

    + attributes (Coupon)

# Data Structures

## Coupon Base (object)
+ percent_off: 25 (number)

    A positive integer between 1 and 100 that represents the discount the coupon will apply.

+ redeem_by (string) - Date after which the coupon can no longer be redeemed
