examples/2. Resource and Actions.md, before:

FORMAT: X-1A

# Resource and Actions API
This API example demonstrates how to define a resource with multiple actions.

## API Blueprint Tutorial
+ [Previous: The Simplest API](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/1.%20Simplest%20API.md) 
+ [This: Raw API Blueprint](https://raw.github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/master/examples/2.%20Resource%20and%20Actions.md)
+ [Next: Named Resource and Actions](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/3.%20Named%20Resource%20and%20Actions.md)

# /message
This is our [resource](http://www.w3.org/TR/di-gloss/#def-resource). It is defined by its [URI](http://www.w3.org/TR/di-gloss/#def-uniform-resource-identifier) or, more precisely, by its [URI Template](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6570).

This resource has no actions specified but we will fix that soon. 

## Note to Advanced Readers
Note that *URI Template* usually does not represent *one* resource but rather a *set* of resources whose *URI* is matched by the *URI template*. In this case we talk about a **resource template**.

## GET 
Here we define an action using the `GET` [HTTP request method](http://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_httpmethods.asp) for our resource `/message`.

As with every good action it should return a [response](http://www.w3.org/TR/di-gloss/#def-http-response). A response always bears a status code. Code 200 is great as it means all is green. Responding with some data can be a great idea as well so let's add a plain text message to our response.

+ Response 200 (text/plain)

        Hello World!
        
## POST 
OK, let's add another action. This time to post data to our resource (essentially a create action). We will need to post something in a [request](http://www.w3.org/TR/di-gloss/#def-http-request) and then send a response back confirming the posting was a success (Code 201 ~ Created).

+ Request (text/plain)

        A message to be posted.
        
+ Response 201 (text/plain)

        Created.

Commit message:

Parameters example origin, update example refactor origin

examples/2. Resource and Actions.md, after:

FORMAT: X-1A

# Resource and Actions API
This API example demonstrates how to define a resource with multiple actions.

## API Blueprint Tutorial
+ [Previous: The Simplest API](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/1.%20Simplest%20API.md) 
+ [This: Raw API Blueprint](https://raw.github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/master/examples/2.%20Resource%20and%20Actions.md)
+ [Next: Named Resource and Actions](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/3.%20Named%20Resource%20and%20Actions.md)

# /message
This is our [resource](http://www.w3.org/TR/di-gloss/#def-resource). It is defined by its [URI](http://www.w3.org/TR/di-gloss/#def-uniform-resource-identifier) or, more precisely, by its [URI Template](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6570).

This resource has no actions specified but we will fix that soon. 

### Note to Advanced Readers
Note that *URI Template* usually does not represent *one* resource but rather a *set* of resources whose *URI* is matched by the *URI template*.

## GET 
Here we define an action using the `GET` [HTTP request method](http://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_httpmethods.asp) for our resource `/message`.

As with every good action it should return a [response](http://www.w3.org/TR/di-gloss/#def-http-response). A response always bears a status code. Code 200 is great as it means all is green. Responding with some data can be a great idea as well so let's add a plain text message to our response.

+ Response 200 (text/plain)

        Hello World!
        
## PUT 
OK, let's add another action. This time to put new data to our resource (essentially an update action). We will need to send something in a [request](http://www.w3.org/TR/di-gloss/#def-http-request) and then send a response back confirming the posting was a success (HTTP Status Code 204 ~ Resource updated successfully, no content is returned).

+ Request (text/plain)

        All your base are belong to us. 
        
+ Response 204
