examples/3. Named Resource and Methods.md, before:

FORMAT: X-1A

# Named Resource and Methods API 
This API example demonstrates how to name a resource and its methods, to give the reader a better idea about what the resource is used for.

## Previous Example
[Resource and Methods](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/2.%20Resource%20and%20Methods.md)

## Next Example
[API Sections](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/4.%20API%20Sections.md)

# My Super Awesome Message [/message]
OK, `My Super Awesome Message` probably isn't the best name for our resource but it will do for now. Note the URI `/message` is enclosed in square brackets. 

## Retrieve Message [GET]
Now this is informative! No extra explanation needed here. This method clearly retrieves the message.

+ Response 200 (text/plain)

        Hello World!
        
## Create Message [POST]
`Create a message` - nice and simple naming is the best way to go.

+ Request (text/plain)

        A message to be posted.
        
+ Response 201 (text/plain)

        Created.

Commit message:

New format for resource groups; Tutorial documentation update

examples/3. Named Resource and Methods.md, after:

FORMAT: X-1A

# Named Resource and Methods API 
This API example demonstrates how to name a resource and its methods, to give the reader a better idea about what the resource is used for.

## API Blueprint Tutorial
+ [Previous: Resource and Methods](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/2.%20Resource%20and%20Methods.md)
+ [This: Raw API Blueprint](https://raw.github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/master/examples/3.%20Named%20Resource%20and%20Methods.md)
+ [Next: API Sections](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/4.%20Grouping%Resources.md)

# My Super Awesome Message [/message]
OK, `My Super Awesome Message` probably isn't the best name for our resource but it will do for now. Note the URI `/message` is enclosed in square brackets. 

## Retrieve Message [GET]
Now this is informative! No extra explanation needed here. This method clearly retrieves the message.

+ Response 200 (text/plain)

        Hello World!
        
## Create Message [POST]
`Create a message` - nice and simple naming is the best way to go.

+ Request (text/plain)

        A message to be posted.
        
+ Response 201 (text/plain)

        Created.
