examples/3. Named Resource and Actions.md, before:

FORMAT: X-1A

# Named Resource and Actions API 
This API example demonstrates how to name a resource and its actions, to give the reader a better idea about what the resource is used for.

## API Blueprint Tutorial
+ [Previous: Resource and Actions](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/2.%20Resource%20and%20Actions.md)
+ [This: Raw API Blueprint](https://raw.github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/master/examples/3.%20Named%20Resource%20and%20Actions.md)
+ [Next: Grouping Resources](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/4.%20Grouping%20Resources.md)

# My Super Awesome Message [/message]
OK, `My Super Awesome Message` probably isn't the best name for our resource but it will do for now. Note the URI `/message` is enclosed in square brackets. 

## Retrieve Message [GET]
Now this is informative! No extra explanation needed here. This action clearly retrieves the message.

+ Response 200 (text/plain)

        Hello World!
        
## Create Message [POST]
`Create a message` - nice and simple naming is the best way to go.

+ Request (text/plain)

        A message to be posted.
        
+ Response 201 (text/plain)

        Created.

Commit message:

Parameters example origin, update example refactor origin

examples/3. Named Resource and Actions.md, after:

FORMAT: X-1A

# Named Resource and Actions API 
This API example demonstrates how to name a resource and its actions, to give the reader a better idea about what the resource is used for.

## API Blueprint Tutorial
+ [Previous: Resource and Actions](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/2.%20Resource%20and%20Actions.md)
+ [This: Raw API Blueprint](https://raw.github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/master/examples/3.%20Named%20Resource%20and%20Actions.md)
+ [Next: Grouping Resources](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/4.%20Grouping%20Resources.md)

# My Message [/message]
OK, `My Message` probably isn't the best name for our resource but it will do for now. Note the URI `/message` is enclosed in square brackets. 

## Retrieve a Message [GET]
Now this is informative! No extra explanation needed here. This action clearly retrieves the message.

+ Response 200 (text/plain)

        Hello World!
        
## Update a Message [PUT]
`Update a message` - nice and simple naming is the best way to go.

+ Request (text/plain)

        All your base are belong to us.
        
+ Response 204
