FORMAT: X-1A

# API Sections API
This API example demonstrates multiple **API Sections** (Documentation chapters if you will) for your resources. You can create as many or as few API Sections as you like. If you do not create any API Section all your resources will be part of "unnamed" API Section.

API Sections are recognized by a Markdown header with API Section name. This header's content - API Section name **does not include** any API Blueprint **keyword**. Therefore it is important where in your API Blueprint document do you write it. This topic is discussed [later](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/9.%20Explicit%20Terminators.md) in this tutorial series. 

For the sake of **API Sections** tutorial it is enough to understand that where an API Section header would be **ambiguous**, you need to **close previous API Blueprint "logical unit"** by the **terminator** - a Markdown horizontal rule `---`. Also note that you should **avoid using horizontal rules for any other reasons**.

## Previous Example
[Named Resource and Methods](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/3.%20Named%20Resource%20and%20Methods.md)

## Next Example
[Responses](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/5.%20Responses.md)

---

# My First Section
This is the first resource section in this document. Any resource that follows is part of this section until another section header is met. It is **customary** to increase header level of resources (and methods) nested under a section.

## My Super Awesome Message [/message]

### Retrieve Message [GET]

+ Response 200 (text/plain)

        Hello World!
        
### Create Message [POST]

+ Request (text/plain)

        A message to be posted.
        
+ Response 201 (text/plain)

        Created.

# My Second Section
This is second section in this document. For now no resources were defined here.

