examples/4. Grouping Resources.md, before:

FORMAT: X-1A

# Grouping Resources API
This API example demonstrates how to group resources and form **groups of resources** (documentation chapters if you will). You can create as many or as few groups as you like. If you do not create any group all your resources will be part of an "unnamed" group.

## API Blueprint Tutorial
+ [Previous: Named Resource and Actions](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/3.%20Named%20Resource%20and%20Actions.md)
+ [This: Raw API Blueprint](https://raw.github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/master/examples/4.%20Grouping%20Resources.md)
+ [Next: Responses](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/5.%20Responses.md)

# Group One
This is the first group of resources in this document. It is **recognized** by the **keyword `group`** and its name is `One`. 

Any following resource definition is considered to be a part of this group until another group is defined. It is **customary** to increase header level of resources (and actions) nested under a resource.

## My Super Awesome Message [/message]

### Retrieve Message [GET]

+ Response 200 (text/plain)

        Hello World!
        
### Create Message [POST]

+ Request (text/plain)

        A message to be posted.
        
+ Response 201 (text/plain)

        Created.

# Group Two
This is the second group in this document. For now, no resources were defined here.

Commit message:

Parameters example origin, update example refactor origin

examples/4. Grouping Resources.md, after:

FORMAT: X-1A

# Grouping Resources API
This API example demonstrates how to group resources and form **groups of resources**. You can create as many or as few groups as you like. If you do not create any group all your resources will be part of an "unnamed" group.

## API Blueprint Tutorial
+ [Previous: Named Resource and Actions](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/3.%20Named%20Resource%20and%20Actions.md)
+ [This: Raw API Blueprint](https://raw.github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/master/examples/4.%20Grouping%20Resources.md)
+ [Next: Responses](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/5.%20Responses.md)

# Group Messages
Group of all messages-related resources.

This is the first group of resources in this document. It is **recognized** by the **keyword `group`** and its name is `Messages`.

Any following resource definition is considered to be a part of this group until another group is defined. It is **customary** to increase header level of resources (and actions) nested under a resource.

## My Message [/message]

## Retrieve a Message [GET]

+ Response 200 (text/plain)

        Hello World!
        
## Update a Message [PUT]

+ Request (text/plain)

        All your base are belong to us.
        
+ Response 204

# Group Users
Group of all user-related resources.

This is the second group in this blueprint. For now, no resources were defined here and as such we will omit it from the next installement of this tutorial.
