FORMAT: X-1A

# Headers API
Let's discuss HTTP Headers - the metadata sent (or received) with our responses (or requests). As discussed in the [Responses example](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/5.%20Responses.md) a payload (request or response) may include the `headers` entry to specify the headers to be sent (or received) with it.

In addition to this you can specify headers on both the `action` and `resource` levels. 

- On the `action` level it represents headers that are always sent (or received) with **every** request or response made with a given `method` at a given `resource`. 
- On the `resource` level it represents headers that are always sent (or received) with **every** request or response made at a given `resource`.

## API Blueprint Tutorial
+ [Previous: Parameters](7.%20Parameters.md)
+ [This: Raw API Blueprint](https://raw.github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/master/examples/8.%20Headers.md)
+ [Next: Resource Object](9.%20Resource%20Object.md)

# Group Messages
Group of all messages-related resources.

## My Message [/message]
Let's define a header that is always sent or received with any request made on this resource in addition to what is specified in subsequent actions and their payloads (requests and responses).

+ Headers
    
        X-Resource-Level-Header: 40

### Retrieve a Message [GET]
Here we will define a header that is always sent or received with any request on this resource using the `GET` HTTP request method. 

+ Headers
    
        X-Method-Level-Header: 41

+ Request Plain Text Message
    
    + Headers

            Accept: text/plain

+ Response 200 (text/plain)

    + Headers

            X-My-Message-Header: 42

    + Body

            Hello World!

+ Request JSON Message
    
    + Headers

            Accept: application/json

+ Response 200 (application/json)

    + Headers

            X-My-Message-Header: 42

    + Body

            { "message": "Hello World!" }
        
### Update a Message [PUT]

+ Request Update Plain Text Message (text/plain)

        All your base are belong to us.

+ Request Update JSON Message (application/json)

        { "message": "All your base are belong to us." }

+ Response 204
