FORMAT: X-1A

# Explicit Terminator API

**IMPORTANT:** The format described in this example is about to change. Check [API Blueprint Dev forum](https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!topic/apiblueprint-dev/UlCrcP0vBZU) for more details.

This API Blueprint Example discusses advanced API Blueprint topic - **Explicit Terminators**. 

## Background
As you might know by now API Blueprint recognizes Markdown significant constructs that build your API by their position in the document and, in some cases, by their content.

In some cases such as [API Section Headers](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/4.%20Sections.md) or **API name** the construct is recognized solely by its position (its content **does not** include any **keyword**). In order to distinguish these keyword-less constructs from regular Markdown text you need to **terminate preceding API Blueprint logical unit** by a Markdown **horizontal rule** (e.g. `---`). This of course implies that you must **refrain** from **using** Markdown **horizontal rule** in regular Markdown text. 

This API will demonstrate using terminators (horizontal rules) to terminate Markdown text in order to create new [API Section](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/4.%20Sections.md).

## Previous Example
[Headers](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/7.%20Headers.md)

## Create an API Section
As discussed in [API Sections example](https://github.com/apiaryio/api-blueprint/blob/master/examples/4.%20Sections.md) whenever you want to create new API Section and its leading header would be ambiguous (e.g. it could be considered as part of previous Markdown Text, like in this case) you need to close previous API Blueprint logical unit by a horizontal rule - terminator.

# Header A
This header still belongs to API discussion. Let's make a new header but close this discussion first by a horizontal rule

---

# Header B
This header now represents API Section (named `Header B`). 

Let's define a resource

## /resource
This is resource discussion.

### Header C
Any header here is considered to be a part of `/resource` discussion. To create a new API Section we need to terminate the resource group discussion first so the API Section header can be recognized.

---

# Header D
This header represents new API Section (named `Header D`).

The very same termination rules apply to methods. Consider following resource - `/resource2` and its `GET` method

## /resource2
This is `/resource2` discussion.

### GET
This is `GET` method discussion of `/resource2`. 

#### Header E
This header is still part of `GET` method discussion of `/resource2`. 

Yet again, to create a new API Section at this point we need to terminate this discussion.

---

# Header F
This is another API Section in this tutorial (named `Header F`).

Note that in the case where the header is not ambiguous you do not need to (but can) use terminator

## /resource3

### GET

+ Response 200
    
    Hello World

# Header G
This header represents our final API Section in this example. As it cannot be part of previous `GET` method discussion it is not ambiguous.
